Commander has something to report
It is said that the granddaughter of Zhang Hengyuan, who has been missing for many years in the imperial capital
It's Gao Ruonan
What?
Joke with me!
Did that kid Lu Xiao check it out?
Don't think I'm not here, old man
You can start talking bad about me
Can I joke about this?
Do you two have anything else to say?
The bracelet lost by the Zhang family
It is very likely that it is in the hands of Tang Guohua's granddaughter.
Tang Guohua is very likely what you said
Dragon City ghost
That's tricky.
Yes, now all the companies in Heijiang City
It's all under his control
We need to think about this in the long run.
Follow my instructions
Don't act rashly
Received received
What about what I bought?
Who stole my stuff?
I was gone.
OK
That's rich.
Buy so many things
Give me some points
How much did you lose?
Not much not much is how much
80 million 80 million
Wife, you have to help me
Otherwise, I'll have to sell my shares in the company
You said there was money left
He said take the girl and spit it out
Ruonan
This damn girl actually hid 200 million yuan
It must be that there is usually a lot of money for dirty things.
Two hundred million.
Hey wife
Lu Xiao this kid
I know that Ruonan is not our husband's